CosmosDB Adding enable MaterializedViews parameter for create/update database … (#4499)
Azure/azure-cli-extensions: src/cosmosdb-preview/README.md

- List the different versions of databases and collections that were modified
- Trigger a point in time restore on the Azure CosmosDB continuous mode backup accounts
- Update the backup interval and backup retention of periodic mode backup accounts

> - Creating a new Azure Cosmos DB database account with materialized views
> - Updating an Azure Cosmos DB database account to enable materialized views
> - Creating/Deleting a cosmosdb materialized views builder service resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new Azure Cosmos DB database account with materialized views
- Update an Azure Cosmos DB database account to enable materialized views
- Create/Delete a cosmosdb materialized views builder service resource
```
